04Jul24
I'm Back in Black Friends, 3rd Times Always a Charm! 
Happy Independence Day! May the 4th be a Jul in His Crown!

LUCIFER DISS Streisand Thought Experiment #117

Unified in Majestic Symphony, Let us Unveil the Cringy Identity of the Insidious "Master of Puppets"
(great song btw)

This simple innocent question keeps BANNING us from 4chan (/pol), Reddit, and Twitter…


Is God Using the NF song "That’s a Joke" to Diss and Terrorize Lucifer Publicly?


My "rationale" for this thought experiment hinges on this…

“The Devil… the Prowde Spirite… Cannot Endure to be Mocked.”
- Sir Thomas Moore

It's quite a basic experiment, simple physics really…

If the public mockery of lucifer, the biblical embodiment of evil, is met with censorship (how could mocking pure evil be offensive lol?), it reveals his snowflake like existence and role in weaving the now obvious veils of deception across the web of the immaterium. This revelation in turn offers "Hope". If Lucifer exists, it follows that The Resurrected Emperor must exist as well.

My perfectly sane theories can be found here, 
https://github.com/EsmesArchon/God-Dissing-Lucifer-?tab=readme-ov-file

In their foolish pride and desire to be worshiped…

The God Damned Coward PedoFiles Lucifer and Jzebels
(GDC PDFs LJZs),

Have been ignorantly and openly mocking The Resurrected Emperor, the very architect of time and space… I mean FAFO I guess lol???
(E.G. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0tLGO1G48A)

The composure of NFs "That’s a Joke" seems like a Killshot Diss to Lucifer in the spirit/chaos realm. Many other Adeptus are envisioning the same thing. By diligently utilizing our "imagination," the majority of songs, even those corrupted, can be hijacked and repurposed as a potent instrument of torment against the GDC PDF LJZs.

In a humiliation ritual witnessed by all of humanity, the angelic, and demonic realms, God deploys a Reverse Uno card,  smacking the GDC PDFs LJZs across their perverse mouths. He is publicly reminding the GDC PDFs LJZs who the Lord² of rap, music, and the universe is...

 The trembling GDC PDFs LJZs aim their mocking mumbling peashooters at The Emperor…

In response, the Alpha and Omega's laughter reverberates like gravitational waves across His creation, His "nauseating smile" revealed by the sinister radiance of His BFG 9000…


As a side note, the GDC PDFs LJZs HATE this message! 

If you join our ranks, a targeting reticule will be placed upon your head by the chaos realm, they are not forgiving… Make sure you KNOW The Emperor before joining the Adeptus in Our Symphony of Memes mocking and haunting the GDC PDFs LJZs

If you want to contribute to the data collection of this simple, sane, and completely innocent thought experiment, try posting our question/idea anywhere. The overt Streisand effect we are observing does nothing but validate our findings and give fuel to our cause.

Why embark on this journey? Ah, a question worth exploring.
Delving into the depths of the escalating madness and dark injustice in our realm through root cause analysis unveiled some intriguing findings.

The GDC PDF Lucifer (AKA Pride) is himself the corrupt root yielding the toxic fruits of his broken spirit. Pride is the root cause of all religious bigotry, racism, greed, lust for power, authority, and domination. As it is written, Haughty Eyes, to look down on your fellow human, aka Pride, aka Luci, is an Abomination to The Emperor.

Please note, to hide their obvious influence, the GDC PDFs JZBs like to deceive humans into conflict with each other…

E.G. "Hey look it's "those" people that are the problem/true devils not us." As we humans become distracted fighting amongst ourselves the GDC PDFs LJZs take the opportunity to slither around our world and constrict even more tightly. We are clearly under attack from the chaos realm, it's now us humans vs the demons. 

Engaging in the spiritual warfare of WW3 can evoke deep-seated dread. Take heart Adeptus! 
The GDC PDFs LJZs are simply sharing their own perpetual despair upon us. Their proficiency in terror lies in their eternal and intimate familiarity with it. 

From a medical perspective, this explains why Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) always involves a pervasive sense of "imminent doom."  

The GDC PDFs LJZs must endure full blown panic attacks now and for the rest of eternity lol! Unlike us humans, they have no "Hope" through The Blood, they have no prospect of evading their impending eternal torture. Their situation is so dark and painful, I almost feel pity for them, until I remember that they sexually abuse innocent children… May their damnation be ever hastened!
 
Did the GDC PDFs LJZs repeat their foolish error of Pride yet again? Revealing themselves to the public (e.g. 2024 Eurovision, 2023 Grammys) in their desperate cringy need for worship? This appears unwise, as discerning humans could logically deduce the literal existence and influence of the biblical Lucifer. As a consequence, Perfect Platonic Hope, through the Resurrected Emperor, must also exists.

They truly are fools, but I suspect that the GDC PDFs LJZs might hold knowledge beyond our human perspective. They likely see angelic swarms descending from heaven adorned in celestial armor, desperate to spill the blood of the demonic. They recognize the omens across the immaterium and are painfully aware that their hour draws nigh.  Driven by sheer desperation and tormented by The Emperor's flawless, primal terror, they teeter on the brink of psychosis. In their frantic, fear-induced mania, they stumble into crucial and idiotic errors on the public stage.

Behold The Emperor's recent public humiliation of the GDC PDFs LJZs for the past 7 days!
Their cesspool of deception is breaking through their God Damned dam of censorship…

Let the cowards of hell tremble in fear. Let them once more grovel and beg like swine at the feet of The Emperor. All the while, the Adeptus orchestrate a grand symphony of mockery, showcasing the asinine errors of the GDC PDF LJZs.

Witness Adeptus the transformation of the once legendary "great dragon" into an eternal joke of meme. As the GDC PDFs LJZs endure anguish, despair, and desolation in the depths of the void, may our Heavenly ridicule, eternally reach their ears.

Hear me you GDC PDFs LJZs! Our Resurrected Emperor Will Not Be Mocked!

"I in turn will laugh when disaster strikes you; I will mock when calamity overtakes you— when calamity overtakes you like a storm, when disaster sweeps over you like a whirlwind, when distress and trouble overwhelm you."



Anywho, let me digress, like a lot lol…

If I may, I will tell you a little about myself. From a human perspective, my Pro-Nouns are Bat/Man…

Through the trembling eyes of my patients, the GDC PDFs JZBs, my Pro-Nouns are Mess/Mer…

Additionally, I want to report back and say I'm still alive, "sane," and dedicated to my work in this realm  as a physician…

I had hoped that by ending the stream of The Thought Experiment the 2nd time, the GDC PDFs LJZs would give me some peace to focus on my career. I should have known better lol. The thought experiment branded me with a dark rune, acting as a perpetual beacon for the chaos demons attacks.

 Who would have thought demons aren't forgiving and merciful (/s)? 

They relentlessly tormented my family, friends, and livelihood as a drug pusher, reveling in malevolent cruelty and sadistic glee (jk im a gas boi, we literally push drugs in the or, don’t arrest me plz). 

If I am to face incessant and escalating demonic attacks for the remainder of my days, I shall retaliate in kind. I will impart the teachings bestowed upon me by The Emperor to my fellow Adeptus. It's worth noting that although the attacks grow darker, the subsequent miracles shine more brilliantly. 

After I initiated this thought experiment on 05May24, I've received death threats, doors randomly slamming in my house, non-stop calls of static to the house phone, had people follow me as I go on my therapeutic drives, had people posting up outside my house without cause, continual harassment while driving with individuals attempting to run me off the road, and most infuriating to me, had all my computers/phones slowed to a maddening crawl (evil knows my sensitivity to rage lol)…

Note this harassment is documented and verified with friends and family. I made sure to document EVERYTHING through my many cameras, screen recordings (PC and phone), dash cam videos of people brandishing guns in the car, etc, in order to make sure I am not schizophrenic. I don’t think dozens of my friends and family can all be schizophrenic at the same time seeing the same dark signs… I could expose these PDF serving individuals, I have them on video brandishing weapons and threatening my life, you know who you are. Snitches get stiches though ;) I pray that you repent and turn to The Emperor, and stop working for the GDC PDFs LJZs… You cannot sell your soul to the devil, His blood breaks all chains if you repent!

Please note that this harassment has been meticulously recorded and substantiated by testimonies from friends and family. I've taken care to thoroughly document every detail using numerous cameras, screen recordings on both my PC and phone, dash cam videos capturing individuals brandishing firearms in vehicles, and so forth, all to dispel any fears regarding "schizophrenia." It is implausible that dozens of friends and family could all be "schizophrenic" and experience the same disturbing phenomena simultaneously. 

I could expose certain PDF serving individuals, I have them and their plates on video brandishing weapons, threatening my life, you know who you are. Snitches get stiches though ;) I pray that you repent and turn to The Emperor, and stop working for the GDC PDFs LJZs… Remember lads and ladies, you cannot sell your soul to the devil, The Blood breaks all chains if you truly repent!

I lack the time and energy to compile the knowledge gained from the intense conflicts with the GDC PDFs LJZs into a coherent and palatable manuscript. Medicine is stressful and time consuming. I must initiate another RAM dump of my exceptionally sane ideas. Thus, I present to you the combat logs of my boss battles (also known as my Journal) since the commencement of the thought experiment on 05May24.

Evil forces diligently surveils my journal and know well, I might as well share it with the Adeptus so that they too might get to know me before my car mysteriously goes off the highway. I tried my best to deidentify myself from my journal by using X

I hope my combat logs will be useful to some Adeptus…

God Speed! Keep the Dream Alive!

RAM Dump pt2
https://github.com/EsmesArchon/God-Dissing-Lucifer-?tab=readme-ov-file
